hey YouTube goddess Lily this video is
for miss davyss I want to let you know
that your closure is now ready and just
to give you a little specifications this
is a 3 by 4 inch closure and some pretty
very pretty Indian hair I just kind of
curled the ends and I'll get up close so
you can see the hairline she asked for
baby hair nice little baby hair and this
is the inside I did a little something
different this time I put two coats of
the easy tab sealer here and one coat
you know from the inch and a half up so
just because I noticed that I did an
install for a client that I did a
closure for her and even though if I go
like this you really I'm gonna give you
a free part down the middle you really
can't see any difference you know if you
look at it really close on the inside of
the lace that has the two coatings down
here and the lace that has a single up
here but I didn't think that it gave her
a really really super sheer finish when
I attached it to a forehead so what I
decided to do is only do one coat
towards the top and it's I didn't lose
any hair when I washed it maybe one
strand when I held it up so one little
strand poked out and of course I pulled
it out but you can kind of look in the
inside you don't see any loose strands
coming through there and I gave it to
washings of course after I use all this
silver just to make sure I get a lot of
the scylla residue
and of course it is a free natural
partying throughout wherever you want to
part it it's such a small closure and
you know you kind of have to judge your
hair your hair life I couldn't do a
three inch across I have a way before it
matter of fact I will probably be four
and a half inches or even five inches
going across okay but there you have it
this is what a 3 by 4 inch closure looks
like and thank you for watching